[Music]
it might seem like all humans are born
the same and it's impossible to predict
the future success of a young kid
however it turns out there are some
common features that make successful
individuals stand out from the crowd and
these features start showing at an early
age and no it's not that silver spoon
they have in their mouth there are 15
common traits most gifted kids share
that can foretell a bright future before
they even start school number one they
start to take part in conversations as
soon as they learn how to talk and I
don't mean this cute but hey let's be
honest
meaningless babble all parents are so
fond of gifted children are frequently
called little adults for a reason they
mature earlier and have a better
awareness of what's happening around
them that's why they love talking about
various things and what's more prefer
adults company when they need to discuss
their urgent baby business on top of
that kids who are going to become
successful in the future
often demonstrate a wicked sense of
humor their jokes delivered with comedic
timing can make even the most serious
adults crack up number two they set high
standards
just like successful adults amazingly
smart kids feel the need to constantly
improve even at an early age their
instinct tells them that they have to do
their absolute best in the activities
that matter to them such a high bar also
helps gifted kids to study school
subjects and learn new skills with
never-ending enthusiasm by the way if
your kid is super concentrated on a
specific subject it might be a sign of a
high IQ number three they're little
bundles of energy
now I know what you're going to say all
kids are zippy wiggle worms who can't
wait to burn all that excess energy that
gathers inside them when they're made to
sit still but the truth is that advanced
children have a need not only for mental
stimulation but for physical stimulation
as well so if your kitty is a little
dynamo unable to stay in one place he or
she is likely to be gifted also don't
get upset if your kid gets bored fast it
can be sign of intelligence as well
number four they have problems with
sleep and by this I don't mean they
suffer from nightmares or struggle to
cope with insomnia
oh no when these little ones fall asleep
they stay switched off till morning but
the problem is getting them to close
their eyes and relax in the first place
smart kids often refuse to follow
traditional sleeping patterns they're
likely to be night elves or stick to
their own bizarre schedule which has
nothing to do with the time you go to
bed or wake up the reason their brain is
just too stimulated for the poor kid to
fall asleep easily number five they like
earning money so has your kid ask you
for help in setting up a lemonade stand
as he or she begged you to bake cookies
for a sale great news that's how
children apply and develop their
entrepreneurial skills and who knows you
might be driving the next Warren Buffett
to the local store besides smart kids
tend to understand the very concept of
money and expenses they can calculate
how far their pocket money will last and
which purchases won't fit into their
budget number six their self-motivated
and persistent
if you want to excel in something you
need a touch of self motivation and
gifted kids are great at finding the
inner strength to keep going don't
confuse it with being motivated by
parents or teachers self motivation
means that a child doesn't need any
outside encouragement to do what they
consider important also such kids refuse
to give up on their dreams and keep
going even when the chips are down after
all isn't that what success training
programs teach you to do number seven
they have a great memory if a toddler
can remember a lot of events that
happened in the past like where you hid
their favorite toy or a pack of candies
it's a sure sign that the little one is
gifted also these kids recognize faces
in places faster and better than other
children interestingly psychologists
claim that a good memory not only helps
people learn new things but also works
in their favor when they make everyday
decisions number eight they can be
rebellious and stubborn and while your
kids naughty behavior might be your
worst nightmare it may mean that he or
she is going to become very successful
in the future
paradoxically children who don't want to
conform to the rules defend their
independence and flat-out refuse to obey
their parents are much more likely to
get a higher education leaders are often
not known as conformists after all
number nine
they're curious and some of them are
also named George to little monkeys
since curiosity can be as important as
inborn intelligence an inquisitive mind
is a sure sign of future success
children who has millions of questions
don't do it to drive the people around
them crazy this curiosity is an innate
desire to collect information and learn
new things at any given opportunity
besides being curious kids who are going
to achieve success in the future are
often bowled out go
and aren't afraid to express their
opinion number 10 they don't mind being
on their own and they don't get bored
they're Restless mind can keep them
occupied for hours on end gifted kids
enjoy games that require lots of
imagination for example creating menus
for their own restaurants or organizing
things on the shelves of their toy
grocery store number 11 they're
sensitive if your kid rushes to hug
upset adults and crying babies they
might have a bright future ahead of them
apparently a big heart is frequently
connected with a big brain
that's why highly intelligent children
tend to be more emotionally intense
empathetic and sensitive to the feelings
of other people on top of that
intelligent kids are often compassionate
and love helping others
number 12 they're good at concentrating
well that leaves me out so even if you
think your child just pretends not to
hear you don't jump to conclusions right
away they might simply be concentrating
so hard that they've switched off the
outside world their ability to focus on
a particular task or challenge is a good
sign after all no talent or skill can be
developed if you keep getting distracted
besides gifted kids start to make
informational links early on in life and
that's not common for all children let's
say you see a plate on the table it's a
safe bet to assume that you're about to
have lunch right well not for a time
that's why if your little one is able to
make logical connections or predict the
actions of other people you're bringing
up a little genius number 13 they can be
wallflowers yep gifted kids don't always
like to be surrounded by hordes of
friends and acquaintances plenty of
smart ones are calm quiet and
exceptionally observant they just sit
there watching assessing collecting
information and analyzing which activity
is worth their effort 14 they love books
and start to read early you might have
heard that reading is just as good an
exercise for your mind as sports are for
your body it's no wonder that super
intelligent kids are often inseparable
from their books they usually start to
read before they turn 4 while other
children reach this milestone at the age
of 6 or 7 gifted children read both to
get new information and for fun and even
though they uncover the joy of reading a
bit later in life once they do books
will have them hooked
number fifteen they hang out with older
kids so don't get worried if you notice
your little one rolling with teenagers
and feeling perfectly comfortable with
it
remember how advanced kids love to learn
new things so that's what they're doing
when hanging out with older children
getting knowledge so how about you can
you think of any other sign that a child
is going to be successful in the future
then let me know down in the comments if
you learn something new today then give
this video a like and share it with a
friend but hey don't go signing your
toddler up for her AP test just yet we
have over two thousand cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life